Legal
How can I avoid being charged interest?
Pay your Monthly Balance as of the end of last month in full by the payment due
date this month in order to obtain your Grace Period.
How do you calculate the Balance Subject to Interest Charge?
We use the “daily balance method (including new Transactions)” to calculate 
interest owed on each category of Transactions on your Account each month. 
We determine the daily balance for each balance of your Account as follows:
· we begin with the balance at the end of the prior day (excluding interest for 
that day); then
· we add the prior day’s interest; then
· we add any new Transactions from that day (unless your Account qualifies for
a Grace Period on New Transactions); and then
· we subtract any new payments or credits posted to your Account that day (and
not already deducted from your Account).
If any daily balance is less than zero, we treat it as zero. Additionally, if you had a
Grace Period on New Transactions in the prior month, we subtract all payments 
and credits that are posted within the current month as of the first day of the 
current month.
How can my variable APR change?
Variable APRs may increase or decrease each month if the Prime Rate changes.  
Your APR for purchases is a variable rate. If the Prime Rate changes, the new 
variable APRs will take effect as of the first day of the next month and apply 
to existing and new balances.  Any increase in the Prime Rate may result in an 
increase to your interest and Minimum Payment Due.
The “Prime Rate” in effect for a given month is the highest U.S. Prime Rate 
published in the print edition of The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) on the last day
of the prior month that the Prime Rate was published. If the WSJ does not 
publish the Prime Rate on that day, then we will look to the last day before 
then that such rate was published.
How do I make payments?
You may make electronic payments on your Account through Apple Wallet or at
card.apple.com
When will you Credit my Payments?
We credit electronic payments made by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on the day the 
payment is made. 
Do you report my information to credit bureaus?
We may report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late payments, 
missed payments, or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your 
credit bureau report.  If you believe that there is an error in the information we 
have reported about you to a credit bureau, contact us at Goldman Sachs Bank 
USA, Salt Lake City Branch, Lockbox 6112, P.O. 7247, Philadelphia, PA 19170-
6112.  Please include a copy of the information you believe is incorrect.
We credit report to the following credit bureaus: Equifax, Experian, and
TransUnion. You may contact Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion at Central
Source, LLC P.O. Box 105283 Atlanta, GA 30348-5283.
What if my card is lost or stolen?
Contact us immediately using Messages or at 877-255-5923. 
See your Apple Card Customer Agreement for definitions and other 
important information.
Billing Rights Summary
What To Do If You Think You Find A Mistake On Your Statement: 
If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us at:
Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch
Lockbox 6112
P.O. Box 7247
Philadelphia, PA 19170-6112
In your letter, give us the following information:
· Account information: Your name and email address associated with your 
account.
· Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error.
· Description of Problem: If you think there is an error on your bill, describe 
what you believe is wrong and why you believe it is a mistake.
You must contact us within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement.
You must notify us of any potential errors in writing. You may call us, but if
you do we are not required to investigate any potential errors and you
may have to pay the amount in question.
While we investigate whether or not there has been an error, the following are 
true:
· We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report you as delinquent
on that amount.
· The charge in question may remain on your statement, and we may continue 
to charge you interest on that amount. But, if we determine that we made a 
mistake, you will not have to pay the amount in question or any interest or 
other fees related to that amount.
· While you do not have to pay the amount in question, you are responsible
for the remainder of your balance.
· We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit.
Your Rights If You Are Dissatisfied With Your Purchase:
If you are dissatisfied with the goods or services that you have purchased with 
your credit card, and you have tried in good faith to correct the problem with
the merchant, you may have the right not to pay the remaining amount due on
the purchase.
To use this right, all of the following must be true:
1. The purchase must have been made in your home state or within 100 miles 
of your current mailing address, and the purchase price must have been
more  than $50. (Note: Neither of these is necessary if your purchase was
based on an advertisement we mailed to you, or if we own the company
that sold you the goods or services.)
2.You must have used your credit card for the purchase. 
3.You must not yet have fully paid for the purchase.
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied with the
purchase, write us at:
Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch
Lockbox 6112, P.O. Box 7247, Philadelphia, PA 19170-6112
While we investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed amount as
discussed above. After we finish our investigation, we will tell you our decision. 
At that point, if we think you owe an amount and you do not pay, we may report
you as delinquent.
Page 7 /7
Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.
Apple Card Co-Owners
Jermel Levons, jermel.levons@icloud.com
Statement
Aug 1 — Aug 31, 2025
Janesha Levons, jaja4ever21@gmail.com
